Fang Chen
You want to molest my woman
What do you say?
Why is it you again?
Get the hell out of here
I'll let the big brother beat you first
Who is it? My eldest brother Luo Wuye
Luo Wu has to kneel down for me when he comes
Bullshit.
Nonsense
Luo Wu Li's reputation is also insulted by you
Really courting death
Wang Shao
What's going on here?
Master Wu, why are you here?
This turtle grandson moved the bridge of my nose
I really don't take your fifth master seriously.
Don't worry.
Look at your virtue
Are you waiting for peeling cramps?
What are you hitting me for?
You hit him
Mr. Xiao and I are here to discuss business
He can't drink
I'm about to send him back to his room to rest
This pushover rushed in and broke the bridge of my nose
Don't say goodbye
Be careful I'll ruin you